com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/Compile/CompileItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Compile.CompileItem
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Compile.CompileItem$Compile
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Compile.CompileItem$CompileAndRun
com.hypersphere/Parse/CLexer.java
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CLexer
com/hypersphere/Configuration.java
 com.hypersphere.Configuration
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/IDEAction.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.IDEAction
com.hypersphere/Parse/CListener.java
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CListener
com.hypersphere/Parse/CParser.java
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AbstractDeclaratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AdditiveExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AlignmentSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AndExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ArgumentExpressionListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AssignmentExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AssignmentOperatorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$AtomicTypeSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$BlockItemContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$BlockItemListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$CastExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$CompilationUnitContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$CompoundStatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ConditionalExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ConstantExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DeclarationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DeclarationListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DeclarationSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DeclarationSpecifiers2Context
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DeclarationSpecifiersContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DeclaratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DesignationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DesignatorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DesignatorListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DirectAbstractDeclaratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$DirectDeclaratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$EnumSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$EnumerationConstantContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$EnumeratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$EnumeratorListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$EqualityExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ExclusiveOrExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ExpressionStatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ExternalDeclarationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ForConditionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ForDeclarationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ForExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$FunctionDefinitionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$FunctionSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GccAttributeContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GccAttributeListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GccAttributeSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GccDeclaratorExtensionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GenericAssocListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GenericAssociationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$GenericSelectionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$IdentifierListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$InclusiveOrExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$InitDeclaratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$InitDeclaratorListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$InitializerContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$InitializerListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$IterationStatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$JumpStatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$LabeledStatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$LogicalAndExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$LogicalOrExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$MultiplicativeExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$NestedParenthesesBlockContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ParameterDeclarationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ParameterListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ParameterTypeListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$PointerContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$PostfixExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$PrimaryExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$RelationalExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$SelectionStatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$ShiftExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$SpecifierQualifierListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StatementContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StaticAssertDeclarationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StorageClassSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StructDeclarationContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StructDeclarationListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StructDeclaratorContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StructDeclaratorListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StructOrUnionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$StructOrUnionSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$TranslationUnitContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$TypeNameContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$TypeQualifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$TypeQualifierListContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$TypeSpecifierContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$TypedefNameContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$UnaryExpressionContext
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CParser$UnaryOperatorContext
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/IDEMenu.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.IDEMenu
com/hypersphere/IDE/SpellChecker/IDESpellChecker.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.SpellChecker.IDESpellChecker
com/hypersphere/IDE/CNTRL/IDE.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.CNTRL.IDE
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/Settings/SettingsItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Settings.SettingsItem
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/File/FileItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.File.FileItem
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.File.FileItem$1
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.File.FileItem$2
com.hypersphere/Parse/CVisitor.java
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CVisitor
com/hypersphere/Analysis/IntVector.java
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.IntVector
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.IntVector$DFunction
com/hypersphere/IDE/CNTRL/IDEListener.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.CNTRL.IDEListener
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/View/ViewItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.View.ViewItem
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.View.ViewItem$1
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.View.ViewItem$2
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.View.ViewItem$3
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.View.ViewItem$4
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.View.ViewItem$AbstractChoice
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/AbstractIDEMenu.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.AbstractIDEMenu
com/hypersphere/IDE/UI/StatusBar.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.UI.StatusBar
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/About/AboutItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.About.AboutItem
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.About.AboutItem$1
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.About.AboutItem$2
com/hypersphere/IDE/Code/CodeManager.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Code.CodeManager
com/hypersphere/IDE/UI/IDEUI.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.UI.IDEUI
com/hypersphere/IDE/UI/IDETextArea.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.UI.IDETextArea
 com.hypersphere.IDE.UI.IDETextArea$1
com/hypersphere/Utils.java
 com.hypersphere.Utils
com.hypersphere/Parse/CBaseVisitor.java
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CBaseVisitor
com.hypersphere/Parse/CBaseListener.java
 com.hypersphere.Parse.CBaseListener
com/hypersphere/ConfigurationPOJO.java
 com.hypersphere.ConfigurationPOJO
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/Search/SearchItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Search.SearchItem
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Search.SearchItem$1
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Search.SearchItem$GoToLineAction
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Search.SearchItem$ShowFindDialogAction
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Search.SearchItem$ShowReplaceDialogAction
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/AbstractIDEAction.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.AbstractIDEAction
com/hypersphere/IDE/Menu/Look/LookAndFeelItem.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Look.Look
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Menu.Look.LookAndFeelItem
com/hypersphere/IDE/Code/Code.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.Code.Code
com/hypersphere/IDE/IDEObj.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.IDEObj
com/hypersphere/IDE/UI/IDEFrame.java
 com.hypersphere.IDE.UI.IDEFrame
com/hypersphere/AutoGrader.java
 com.hypersphere.AutoGrader
com/hypersphere/Analysis/Code.java
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.AbstractCodeObject
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Code
com/hypersphere/Analysis/Impl.java
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Impl
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Impl$AbstractCObject
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Impl$CDeclaration
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Impl$CDeclarationList
com/hypersphere/Plagairism/Plagiarism.java
 com.hypersphere.Plagairism.Plagiarism
 com.hypersphere.Plagairism.Submission
 com.hypersphere.Plagairism.SubmissionPair
com/hypersphere/Analysis/Visitors.java
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Visitors
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Visitors$CDeclarationListVisitor
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Visitors$CDeclarationVisitor
 com.hypersphere.Analysis.Visitors$CVisitor
